In the quiet of the night,
With a million stars above,
When I think of you and of all you do,
It fills my heart with love.
If I give my life to you,
You will always be my guide.
As the days go by, you will see that I
Am forever on your side.
Because you gave me hope
That changed my life
And strength
to help me through,
Because you gave your Son
To die for me,
I give my life to you;
I give my life to you.
As the sun lights up the sky,
Melting warm upon my skin,
How your endless days and your tender ways
Stir these feelings deep within!
Because you gave me hope
That changed my life
And strength
to help me through,
Because you gave your Son
To die for me,
I give my life to you;
I give my life to you.
Because you gave me hope
That changed my life
And strength
to help me through,
Because you gave your Son
To die for me,
I give my life to you;
I give my life to you.